README.md, before:

# X Pent Up UI

A simple personal financial budget application to be able to get used to Ember's development model. The (quite good)
Ember's tutorial/guide is being used in the learning process.

## Checkpoints

### Part 1

#### Chapter 1 - Orientation

- [x] Installing Ember CLI
- [x] Creating a New Ember App with Ember CLI
- [x] Starting and Stopping the Development Server
- [x] Editing Files and Live Reload
- [x] Working with HTML, CSS and Assets in an Ember App

#### Chapter 2 - Building Pages

- [x] Defining Routes
- [x] Using Route Templates
- [ ] Defining Routes with Custom Paths
- [x] Linking Pages with the `<LinkTo>` Component

#### Chapter 3 - Automated Testing

- [x] The Purpose of Automated Testing
- [x] Adding Acceptance Tests with Generators
- [x] Writing Acceptance Tests
- [x] Practicing the Testing Workflow

#### Chapter 4 - Component Basics

- [x] Extracting Markup into Components
- [x] Passing Content to Components with `{{yield}}`
- [x] Refactoring Existing Code
- [x] Writing Component Tests
- [x] Using the Application Template and `{{outlet}}`s

#### Chapter 5 - More About Components

- [x] Generating Components
- [x] Organizing Code with Namespaced Components
- [ ] Forwarding HTML Attributes with `...attributes`
- [ ] Determining the Appropriate Amount of Test Coverage

#### Chapter 6 - Interactive Components

- [x] Adding Behavior to Components with Classes
- [x] Accessing Instance States from Templates
- [x] Managing State with Tracked Properties
- [x] Responding to User Interaction with Actions
- [x] Testing User Interactions

#### Chapter 7 - Reusable Components

- [ ] Managing Application-level Configurations
- [ ] Generating a Component with a Component Class
- [ ] Parameterizing Components with Arguments
- [ ] Interpolating Values in Templates
- [ ] Overriding HTML Attributes in `...attributes`
- [ ] Refactoring with Getters and Auto-track
- [ ] Getting JavaScript Values into the Test Context

#### Chapter 8 - Working With Data

- [x] Working with Route Files
- [x] Returning Local Data from the Model Hook
- [x] Accessing Route Models from Templates
- [x] Mocking Server Data with Static JSON Files
- [x] Fetching Remote Data from the Model Hook
- [x] Adapting Server Data
- [x] Loops and Local Variables in Templates with `{{#each}}`

### Part 2

#### Chapter 9 - Route Params

- [x] Routes with Dynamic Segments
- [x] Links with Dynamic Segments
- [x] Component Tests with Access to the Router
- [x] Accessing Parameters from Dynamic Segments
- [x] Displaying Model Details with a Component
- [x] Sharing Common Setup Code Between Tests
- [x] Adding a Route Template

#### Chapter 10 - Service Injection 

- [ ] Scoping the Feature
- [ ] Splattributes and the `class` Attribute
- [ ] Accessing the Current Page URL
- [ ] Why We Can't Test `window.location.href`
- [ ] The Router Service
- [ ] Ember Services vs. Global Variables
- [ ] Mocking Services in Tests

#### Chapter 11 - Ember Data

- [x] What is Ember Data?
- [x] Ember Data Models
- [x] Testing Models
- [x] Loading Models in Routes
- [x] The Ember Data Store
- [x] Working with Adapters and Serializers

#### Chapter 12 - Provider Components 

- [ ] Add input

.

.

.

## App Structure

### Pods

Set xxx in`.ember-cli`:
```json
{
  .
  .
  .
  "usePods": true
}
```

## Useful commands

### Ember Generate Route

```shell script
ember g route <complete/route/path>
```
```
installing route
  create app/pods/complete/route/path/route.js
  create app/pods/complete/route/path/template.hbs
updating router
  add route complete/route/path
installing route-test
  create tests/unit/pods/complete/route/path/route-test.js
```

### Ember Generate Acceptance Test
```shell script
ember g acceptance-test page-name
```
```
installing acceptance-test
  create tests/acceptance/page-name-test.js
```

### Ember Generate Component Template and Test
Generates only:
- template.hbs
- component-test.js

```shell script
ember g component complete/component/path
```
```
installing component
  create app/pods/components/complete/component/path/template.hbs
  skip app/pods/components/complete/component/path/component.js
  tip to add a class, run `ember generate component-class complete/component/path`
installing component-test
  create tests/integration/pods/components/complete/component/path/component-test.js
```

### Ember Generate Component Class
Generates only:
- component.js

```shell script
ember g component-class complete/component/path
```
```
installing component-class
  create app/pods/components/complete/component/path/component.js
```

## Interesting links

- https://github.com/DockYard/ember-composable-helpers
- https://github.com/ebryn/ember-component-css
- https://github.com/yapplabs/ember-wormhole
- http://getbem.com/
- https://cli.emberjs.com/release/advanced-use/stylesheets/
- https://github.com/ebryn/ember-component-css

Commit message:

Started search feature and added `ember-test-selectors` package
- Better documentation regarding the project's goal
- Using `data-test-...` in components thanks to `ember-test-selectors`
- Started the search input component from the tutorial
- Better test coverage

README.md, after:

# X Pent Up UI

A simple personal financial budget application to be able to get used to Ember's development model. The (quite good)
Ember's tutorial/guide is being used in the learning process.

For the main project, go to [X Pent Up](https://github.com/alejoceballos/x-pent-up) repository.

## Checkpoints (The Ember Guides)

### Part 1 (Tutorial)

#### Chapter 1 - Orientation

- [x] Installing Ember CLI
- [x] Creating a New Ember App with Ember CLI
- [x] Starting and Stopping the Development Server
- [x] Editing Files and Live Reload
- [x] Working with HTML, CSS and Assets in an Ember App

#### Chapter 2 - Building Pages

- [x] Defining Routes
- [x] Using Route Templates
- [ ] Defining Routes with Custom Paths
- [x] Linking Pages with the `<LinkTo>` Component

#### Chapter 3 - Automated Testing

- [x] The Purpose of Automated Testing
- [x] Adding Acceptance Tests with Generators
- [x] Writing Acceptance Tests
- [x] Practicing the Testing Workflow

#### Chapter 4 - Component Basics

- [x] Extracting Markup into Components
- [x] Passing Content to Components with `{{yield}}`
- [x] Refactoring Existing Code
- [x] Writing Component Tests
- [x] Using the Application Template and `{{outlet}}`s

#### Chapter 5 - More About Components

- [x] Generating Components
- [x] Organizing Code with Namespaced Components
- [ ] Forwarding HTML Attributes with `...attributes`
- [ ] Determining the Appropriate Amount of Test Coverage

#### Chapter 6 - Interactive Components

- [x] Adding Behavior to Components with Classes
- [x] Accessing Instance States from Templates
- [x] Managing State with Tracked Properties
- [x] Responding to User Interaction with Actions
- [x] Testing User Interactions

#### Chapter 7 - Reusable Components

- [ ] Managing Application-level Configurations
- [ ] Generating a Component with a Component Class
- [ ] Parameterizing Components with Arguments
- [x] Interpolating Values in Templates
- [x] Overriding HTML Attributes in `...attributes`
- [ ] Refactoring with Getters and Auto-track
- [ ] Getting JavaScript Values into the Test Context

#### Chapter 8 - Working With Data

- [x] Working with Route Files
- [x] Returning Local Data from the Model Hook
- [x] Accessing Route Models from Templates
- [x] Mocking Server Data with Static JSON Files
- [x] Fetching Remote Data from the Model Hook
- [x] Adapting Server Data
- [x] Loops and Local Variables in Templates with `{{#each}}`

### Part 2 (Tutorial)

#### Chapter 9 - Route Params

- [x] Routes with Dynamic Segments
- [x] Links with Dynamic Segments
- [x] Component Tests with Access to the Router
- [x] Accessing Parameters from Dynamic Segments
- [x] Displaying Model Details with a Component
- [x] Sharing Common Setup Code Between Tests
- [x] Adding a Route Template

#### Chapter 10 - Service Injection

- [ ] Scoping the Feature
- [ ] Splattributes and the `class` Attribute
- [ ] Accessing the Current Page URL
- [ ] Why We Can't Test `window.location.href`
- [ ] The Router Service
- [ ] Ember Services vs. Global Variables
- [ ] Mocking Services in Tests

#### Chapter 11 - Ember Data

- [x] What is Ember Data?
- [x] Ember Data Models
- [x] Testing Models
- [x] Loading Models in Routes
- [x] The Ember Data Store
- [x] Working with Adapters and Serializers

#### Chapter 12 - Provider Components

- [x] Add input
- [/] Refactoring the index template into a component
- [ ] Using Ember's `<Input>`

.

.

.

### Part 3 (Core Concepts)

.

.

.


## App Structure

### Pods

Set xxx in`.ember-cli`:
```json
{
  .
  .
  .
  "usePods": true
}
```

## Useful commands

### Ember Generate Route

```shell script
ember g route <complete/route/path>
```
```
installing route
  create app/pods/complete/route/path/route.js
  create app/pods/complete/route/path/template.hbs
updating router
  add route complete/route/path
installing route-test
  create tests/unit/pods/complete/route/path/route-test.js
```

### Ember Generate Acceptance Test
```shell script
ember g acceptance-test page-name
```
```
installing acceptance-test
  create tests/acceptance/page-name-test.js
```

### Ember Generate Component Template and Test
Generates only:
- template.hbs
- component-test.js

```shell script
ember g component complete/component/path
```
```
installing component
  create app/pods/components/complete/component/path/template.hbs
  skip app/pods/components/complete/component/path/component.js
  tip to add a class, run `ember generate component-class complete/component/path`
installing component-test
  create tests/integration/pods/components/complete/component/path/component-test.js
```

### Ember Generate Component Class
Generates only:
- component.js

```shell script
ember g component-class complete/component/path
```
```
installing component-class
  create app/pods/components/complete/component/path/component.js
```

## Interesting links

- https://github.com/DockYard/ember-composable-helpers
- https://github.com/ebryn/ember-component-css
- https://github.com/yapplabs/ember-wormhole
- http://getbem.com/
- https://cli.emberjs.com/release/advanced-use/stylesheets/
- https://github.com/ebryn/ember-component-css
